PRACTICE TEST PHASE: COLOR

You will now make judgments about "old" objects from the list that you
just studied and "new" objects that you did not study.

You will briefly see an object followed by an answer prompt.  Your job
for each old object is to REMEMBER THE FRAME COLOR around it during
study ("color1Name_test" or "color2Name_test", using the
"sourceColor1Text_test" or "sourceColor2Text_test" response), and
choose that as your answer.  Your job for each new object is to CALL
IT "NEW" (using the "newText_test" response).

The key for choosing "sourceColor1Text_test" is sourceLeftKey_test.
The key for choosing "sourceColor2Text_test" is sourceRightKey_test.
The key for "newText_test" is newKey_test.  The keys will align with
the response options on the screen.

If you know it is an old object but you cannot remember its frame
color, take your best guess.

You will always make a second response after a color or new judgment.

If you choose a color, you will then respond with one of three
options: whether you REMEMBER seeing that COLOR framing that
particular object ("rememColorText_test"), whether you REMEMBER some
OTHER detail about studying the object ("rememOtherText_test"), or
whether the object feels FAMILIAR but you can't remember any details
about studying it ("knowText_test").  You will use the same keys:
"rememColorText_test" is rsKey_test, "rememOtherText_test" is
roKey_test, and "knowText_test" is kKey_test.

If instead you say the object is new by answering "newText_test", you
will say whether you are "sureText_test" about it by pressing
sureKey_test, or that it was "maybeText_test" new by pressing
maybeKey_test.

-------------------------------------

Explanation of Remember and Familiar:

When we REMEMBER something, we consciously recollect and become aware
of aspects of its previous occurrence.  For example, you might
remember a recent movie and be able to recall specific details about
it, like where and with whom you saw it.  At other times, we might
feel that something is FAMILIAR and has occurred before, but can't
consciously recollect what was experienced at the time of its prior
occurrence.  For example, you might recognize a person and be certain
that you know him or her, but you're unable to recall any specific
details about the person, such as the person's name.

For this test, REMEMBERING an object's COLOR ("rememColorText_test",
rsKey_test) signifies that the object evokes a specific memory of
being framed with that color during study.  REMEMBERING some OTHER
("rememOtherText_test", roKey_test) detail about it could include
remembering how it looked on the screen during the study list, the way
in which it was oriented in the picture, or even what you were
thinking or doing at the time it was shown.  Being FAMILIAR
("knowText_test", kKey_test) with an object signifies that you are
confident that you saw it before, but that you cannot recollect any
details about doing so.

EXAMPLE: say you saw a pie during a study list, and then you see the
pie during test.  If you can specifically remember the color that
framed it during the study period, you would answer REMEMBER COLOR
("rememColorText_test", rsKey_test).  If instead you remember how
seeing the pie at study made you hungry or something else other than
its study frame color, you would answer REMEMBER OTHER
("rememOtherText_test", roKey_test).  If you know you saw the pie but
you cannot remember anything about studying it, then you would answer
FAMILIAR ("knowText_test", kKey_test).

-------------------------------------

Put one index finger on newKey_test and the other index and middle
fingers on sourceLeftKey_test and sourceRightKey_test now, and take a
moment to memorize the key assignments.  Please keep your eyes on the
cross in the middle of the screen.  Make sure you wait to respond
until AFTER the object disappears and you see the prompt.

* Please press RETURN to continue *
