TEST PHASE: SIDE

You will now make the side/new judgments for old and new items.

Again, for each old object use the keys sourceLeftKey_test (for
"LEFT") and sourceRightKey_test (for "RIGHT") to choose which side
each object was on during study.  For each new object, push the
newKey_test key to say that it is "NEW" (abbreviated "newText_test").

If you know it is an old object but you cannot remember the source,
take your best guess.

If you choose a side, you will then respond with one of three options:
whether you REMEMBER seeing that particular object on that SIDE
("rememSideText_test"), whether you REMEMBER some OTHER detail about
studying the object ("rememOtherText_test"), or whether the object
feels FAMILIAR but you can't remember any details about studying it
("knowText_test").  You will use the same keys: "rememSideText_test"
is rsKey_test, "rememOtherText_test" is roKey_test, and
"knowText_test" is kKey_test.

EXAMPLE: say you saw a pie during a study list, and then you see the
pie during test.  If you can specifically remember the side it was on
during the study period, you would answer REMEMBER SIDE
("rememSideText_test", rsKey_test).  If instead you remember how
seeing the pie at study made you hungry or something else other than
its study side, you would answer REMEMBER OTHER
("rememOtherText_test", roKey_test).  If you know you saw the pie but
you cannot remember anything about studying it, then you would answer
FAMILIAR ("knowText_test", kKey_test).

If instead you say the object is new by answering "newText_test", you
will say whether you are "sureText_test" about it by pressing
sureKey_test, or that it was "maybeText_test" new by pressing
maybeKey_test.

Put one index finger on newKey_test and the other index and middle
fingers on sourceLeftKey_test and sourceRightKey_test now, and take a
moment to memorize the key assignments.  Please stay focused on the
center of the screen.  Make sure you wait to respond until AFTER the
object disappears and you see the answer prompt.

* Please press RETURN to continue *
